I sweated blood
to train myself in martial arts.
So when I joined a big competition,
I won the fight.
My life changed.
I became the bodyguard
of a well-known politician
and taught martial arts
to some popular celebrities.
My students and my boss
and his family
—they all became part of my life.
But I was still looking for something.
One day, some Jehovah’s Witnesses
came by and gave me a tract.
I was surprised
and really happy to learn God’s name.
I thought, ‘This could be
what I’ve been looking for.’
So I accepted a Bible study,
and I realized that I owed everything to God.
When I attended my first meeting,
I saw how humble and caring
the Witnesses were.
But my neighbors made fun of me.
I wanted to beat them because I knew I could.
I was ashamed that I couldn’t do anything
to defend Jehovah’s name.
Then one morning before going to the meeting,
for the first time,
I approached Jehovah in prayer,
asking him to give me courage.
I couldn’t do it alone.
After that prayer,
I felt that Jehovah really strengthened me,
and I humbly told the neighbors
that I was going to the Kingdom Hall.
Since then,
I’ve always prayed to Jehovah
when making decisions.
I needed to leave martial arts.
I had to quit my job as a bodyguard
and stop carrying guns.
Doing his will wasn’t always easy,
but Jehovah gave me the courage to do so.
My boss asked me to visit him.
He offered me a new car
and double my salary.
His offer was very tempting.
So I went to the washroom and intensely
prayed again to Jehovah for courage.
“Jehovah, help me, please,” I said.
“I can’t do this on my own.”
In the end, I chose Jehovah.
Jehovah is more precious to me
than anything this world could offer.
I told him,
“Sorry, but I am not accepting your offer.”
It felt like losing a family in death.
Eventually, I got baptized.
I realized that it didn’t matter
what people thought about me.
It’s how Jehovah sees me that matters.
Now I am very grateful
to be with the brothers in serving Jehovah.
I am now serving as a regular pioneer.
And this is the life
that I had been looking for.